Let's use this file to collaborate. The proposal is due on Tuesday. Any ideas on how to proceede?  
I'll write most of the narrative because I have no creativity skills at all. 

Project Proposal
Due: Sep 30, 2014 before 5:45 PM

Each team will prepare a project proposal that will contain a style tile and a narrative.

Style Tile
The proposal will include a preliminary look and feel for the web app. REmember, these are preliminary and can change as your team’s web app matures. Your team will create a style tile to help define a preliminary look and feel for the web app. While we have not learned how to create a style tile in class or Photoshop, your team will be responsible for learning how to create one.

Use the Photoshop template on the Style Tile website to start the style tile OR create your own template following the patterns of the examples on the website.

Each team’s style tile should include:

Logos (if provided by the sponsor)
Possible colors
Possible patterns, if any
Possible typography choices: a paragraph and headings example
Example of a button
Example of a link
Visual language
Narrative
Using this this template your team must write a narrative for the project proposal.

Each team’s narrative must include:

Team - a list of each team member’s name and his or her role.
Description - a brief overview of the web app.
Audience - who is the audience that will be visiting the web app?
Objectives - a list of the web app’s objectives: What will the web app do? What will the audience need to learn?
Requirements - a list of the requirements of the web app as defined by the sponsor.
Constraints - a list of constraints your team faces while building the web app.
Milestones - no action needed, leave as is.
Authorization - no action needed, leave as is.
Refer to this project proposal from last semester as an example.

Writing Checklist
Do not use I/we or you.
Refer to your team with your team name.
Refer to team members by his her role.
Refer to Albany Law or the sponsor.
Watch for grammar and spelling.
Be consistent.
Hemingway is a great writing tool.

Recommendations
Use Google docs to write the narrative.
Use your team repo issues to assign tasks and discuss the project.
Come to office hours if you get stuck!
Submission
To submit the project proposal, your team’s project manager must email me (kdecorah@albany.edu) the following before 5:45 pm on Sep 30, 2014:

Narrative: as an attached document or a link to a Google document
Style Tile: attached image
On your team’s repo, create an issue called “Project Proposal Evaluation.”
Once your team’s project manager emails me your files and creates the issue, I will submit my feedback on your team’s issue and the grade that your team earned.
